thanks to dashlane for sponsoring this
video hey kids
whether you're a precocious young lad
down by the swimming hole or a grizzled
crime scene investigator everybody's got
some interest in dead bodies yes from
weekend at Bernie's to weekend at
Bernie's - to weekend at Bernie's three
revelations stories about wayward
corpses have certainly carved their
niche in today's media so I thought I'd
spent a few yarns about some real-life
people who were kept out far past their
expiration date our first tale follows
one Elmer mccurdy he was an outlaw
during the twilight days of the Wild
West thanks to his former life as a
miner mccurdy acted as the demolitions
expert to his little posse using
nitroglycerin basically any time he had
the faintest excuse to do so except he
was kind of a [__] so it didn't usually
go quite as planned gotta say after
peanut butter and chocolate my favorite
combination of two things is probably
grossing competence in high explosives
example in March of nineteen eleven
McCurdy's band of rabble rousers found
out that $4,000 were in a safe in an
approaching train they managed to stop
the entire locomotive I don't even know
how you do that break-in hold everyone
on board hostage and locate the safe
mccurdy steps up the play right got a
blast the thing open except I guess the
excitement kind of got to him because he
ended up using like way too much
nitroglycerin like inordinate amounts
ended up completely destroying the safe
and its contents and what few silver
coins they made out with were literally
melted to the frame of this safe and had
to be peeled off anyway he died in a
shootout with police later that year and
The Undertaker at the funeral home he
was sent to couldn't find any next of
kin on account of mccurdy being a
rambling lowlife varmint so he just done
bombed the hell out of them and said hey
boys and girls want to see a dead
criminal only one shiny nickel and since
liveleak wasn't around at the time there
weren't many places a kid could go to
stare at a corpse for a while if he or
she so desired so it actually became a
pretty popular attraction visitors would
pay their dues by physically slipping
the coin into the man's mouth and the
creepy ass Undertaker would come fish
him out later probably with bare hands
all slowly and sensual like a few years
past when a couple of guys showed up
claiming to be McCurdy's brothers with a
note from the local sheriff to back it
up they told the undertaker they had
permission to go bearing mccurdy so
here--all
thinly relinquished the body to the men
except these guys weren't his brothers
there were just a couple of crusty
freaking carnies they shipped the body
off to Kansas to become an attraction in
the traveling show from here mccurdy
traded hands a few more times at one
point he was exploited for this one guys
film about narcotics it was like yeah
this pill poppin degenerate got shot
while trying to rob a pharmacy for more
dope the other day the body was super
old by then sue paper like wait why is
he all desiccated and flaky and gross he
just goes no that's what happens when
you do drugs kids your [__] skin
falls off stay above the influence at
some point in his journey he ended up
getting coated in wax and paint to look
a little less rowdy before ending up in
a warehouse in 1949 here's the thing he
was in there alongside some actual wax
figures and after spending 19 years in
storage nobody knew he was a real corpse
anymore so he ended up getting sold in
1968 as a mannequin to one Spoony Singh
owner of the Hollywood Wax Museum he
tried to lend the guy out a couple times
during his stay but people found him too
gross or unrealistic looking for
whatever purposes they had in mind so
ended up getting sold again and used as
a prop of a hanged man at the pike
amusement zone in their funhouse ride
with zero knowledge that he was an
actual dead criminal it wasn't until
1976 sixty-five years after his death
that an episode of the Six Million
Dollar Man was being filmed at the
complex and a stagehand tried to move
the prop around only to have its arm
break off in his hand he was like a
lousy stiff wait a minute that's curious
this mannequins got human flesh and
bones inside of it wait a minute
uh-oh the autopsy confirmed what
everyone present at the time suspected
by this point the body was so dried out
and stale that it only weighed 50 pounds
which makes me think we should start a
radical new fad diet where we just get
people to mummify parts of their body
like jinny guess what I just lost 30
pounds in five days Wow holy heck how
did you do that they call it the
Egyptian cleanse anyway with that
mccurdy was finally laid to rest back in
his homeland of Oklahoma and that film
crews lives are never the same again
flashback to late 18th century baloney
there lived a physician by the name of
Luigi Galvani this guy was a big deal
he's the dude who discovered that hey
animals got electricity in them and
as legacy still survives today in words
like galvanized one of his most famous
experiments was the one where he used
static electricity to make frog legs
twitch on command around these parts we
call that the French salud ha ha
stereotypes funny well in 1803 his
nephew Giovanni aldini said hey that's
pretty nifty and all but what if we
tried it on people so the City of London
was like eh and now you're thinking with
portals one freshly executed criminal
coming up aldini gathered a crowd and
apply two diets at the corpses head
causing his face to scrunch up and one
eye to flick open Oh then he was a
showman though he wanted some real
action
so he then put the current through
opposite points in the body which made
the whole thing flail around like
Pinocchio in heat now today we know he
was just exciting the dead muscles right
but the people who were watching had no
idea what was going on so they were like
Jesus Christ
this guy's a [__] necromancer quick
ok grandma maybe we can get in the way
laughter all fun fact this experiment
actually ended up serving his
inspiration for Mary Shelley's
Frankenstein which makes me wonder what
other famous novels were based on
real-life events was a white whale ever
pursued by a vengeful sea captain was
there actually a mentally handicapped
migrant worker who like hugging rabbits
to death was there ever a human soul as
profoundly asinine and willfully
ignorant as Amelia Bedelia god I hate
her glassy eyed face so [__] much I
just want to mash it into a running
waffle maker be like huh isn't that
ironic grabbed her by a vacant [__]
head throw her out of a 747 and say hey
why didn't you shoot yourself when you
add the chance get anyway one thing we
learned today is and the importance of
reputa bility and just as you wouldn't
want some dirty carnies jacking your
stiff phrasing you certainly wouldn't
want the same fate to befall your
valuable online information that's why
you need to try - Lane - lanes been all
over the place recently and with good
reason in this day and age cyber
security and privacy have never been
more important and only select few
people have the time energy and know-how
to keep their data is safe as humanly
possible what - Lane does is it takes
all your passwords and autofill data
across all your devices and uses the
power of encryption to keep them out of
the hands of lowly hackers PC Mac iOS
Android Chrome
Safari Firefox doesn't matter - Lions
got your back some of it especially cool
about it is that you can automatically
change your passwords right in - lane
without fiddling with stupid security
questions from six years ago you don't
know the answer - for an hour - Lane
premium even comes with a VPN so now you
can take full advantage of unsecured
Wi-Fi without ever worrying that the
janitor in the back of Starbucks knows
about those horrific purchases you're
making so please go to - link comm slash
Salmonella to try - Lane premium free
for 30 days also the first 200 people
who use the promo code Salmonella will
get 10% off their - Lane premium
subscription by the way this video ended
up being way too long so stay tuned for
part two in a week or two anyway that's
all for today until next time I'm
salmonella and thank you for watching
[Music]
throw her out of a seven for seven to
say hey why didn't you shoot yourself
when you add the chance get it anyway
this video is sponsored by - hey